[Music]
um
tell me what it is
[Music]
why do i
good
[Music]
okay
why do i baby why do i love the way you
are we always leave me
why do i baby why do i love the touch
but never love the feeling
why do i baby
[Music]
why do i
the feelings
[Music]
whenever your heart is
i will be the light in your life
[Music]
i am
foreign
[Music]
baby you can count on me
i'll be there
i will be the light in your life
[Music]
i know
bye
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
[Music]
[Applause]
when you see me with somebody living
better i'm trying to tell you that me
[Music]
just
so now i gotta say goodbye
[Music]
uh yeah my life is lovely now i'm
focused on me
you said you were about to die i guess
the car is on eat but see i ain't even
tripping cause i just chose to believe
that somebody gonna come around and give
me just what i need
i don't wanna see you finally see you
looking down and out coming to me crying
saying you miss having me
around gave you chances and you're doing
you so easily influenced all these times
[Music]
so now i gotta say goodbye
you
[Music]
is
the darkness
[Music]
[Applause]
so
let the darkness
[Music]
let me go sing to your heart
to find you open up your eyes
till you're blinded by the lies
[Music]
so you can see what you do
is
[Music]
[Applause]
bro
like you be strong
to hold the powers of the sun
[Music]
to train believe
in strength now i'm the only one
only one
[Music]
my
how much can
[Music]
can't be your superhero
superheroes
[Music]
a superhero
of today
today
[Music]
me
to shoot
your superhero
[Music]
superheroes
[Applause]
[Music]
what does perfect even mean
is there even such a thing
can we switch up
[Music]
[Applause]
my heart is
if
to see
oh
[Music]
we
these expectations they keep weighing me
down
my heart is
[Music]
honey am i perfect
oh
[Music]
moving away to the sea moving away can't
you see
standing your feet feel the breeze in
the summertime stars in the sky while
i'm dying for the first time moving away
to the sea
holding away can't you see
[Music]
let me tell you one time
and you never break apart
[Music]
so we gonna do this
be one tonight time
[Music]
[Applause]
we toasted freedom in the caribbean
in the caribbean
come on baby
[Music]
moving away can't you see
one more
[Music]
gonna do time tonight
okay
[Music]
you myself
just
[Music]
cause you say those things
is
[Music]
oh
hi
[Music]
food
stranded in the open
dried out tears of sorrow
[Music]
me
uh
[Music]
so
cool
[Music]
[Applause]
hello
[Music]
through
hold tight hold tight
[Music]
all because
paint the skies
can make me
[Music]
hold on
paint the skies
can make
[Music]
can me me
hmm
okay
[Music]
but it's too late
we'd um up it felt so right
we were so young we were so dumb
we would get drunk and then hook up
we were okay we were all right
stay in no
[Music]
drinking too young way too much
all night long
is
[Music]
and how careless we could
be
[Music]
it's
late night long fight it felt right
we were up live we would go out
we were so loud we were so proud
we had no doubt weekends
and weak days we'd spend
our own way we were careless
we were fearless we were reckless
time was precious we love to waste time
drinking all night asleep by your side
finally alive we would just drive
never arrive our journey was live
standing out late testing our fate
running away we
[Music]
we're told we can't be controlled
i remember everything
and how careless
[Music]
and how
movies
[Music]
and how can this
we could be
[Music]
everybody knows that i'm breaking down
everybody knows i ain't faking now
everybody knows my heart's breaking now
yeah she hates me now i made mistakes
but now
i don't ever want to be alone i don't
really ever feel at home on my own
in the zone that's the only way i know
[Music]
couldn't even hear me
[Applause]
[Music]
um
[Applause]
yeah let's go i don't wanna break down
i always feel like i can break now but i
never let it take me to that place now
i will never let my thoughts get away
now i got better things to do picking
fake now i just wanna be the best call
me great now
i don't know if i'm okay or insane now i
remember better days on the playground
hoping i could find my way even when i'm
facing down i fight
even when i don't know what is right
i'ma pick a side and i'ma take pride
i will decide my fate and i will never
let them tell me who i
am if you try to shake me i'll be damned
on the ground is where i stand
never give
[Music]
i'm up
oh
[Music]
do
just enjoy
[Music]
one to get it bruh i swear to god i'll
get it bro
hey i ain't never giving up i said
i never get [ __ ] i got this then i got
it
when i'm on it never rock
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah i've been in and out the studio
like a student though working on a
movement i'll do
[Music]
do you really love me or do you really
hate me on a scale of one to ten
what would you grade me all the social
media has got me going crazy
lately everything's inflated mainly
everyone's invaded
privacy is naked man i really hate it
god i really hate it i just wanna make
it
through all this fake [ __ ] living in the
real life living for some real times
talk about the real climb passionate and
real rhymes
i'm back from my nine to five taking
back my [ __ ] life i just wanna feel
alive
[Music]
no captions attractive reactions
adapting
don't be so dramatic not my demographic
this [ __ ] is democratic
[Music]
i don't believe in destiny i just do
what's best for me don't listen to my
enemies
they're just full of jealousy this
legacy
you gonna see what's left of me you
gonna see success in me
you ain't seen the rest i just wanna be
the best at
[Music]
won they say i'm way too obsessed and
i've got nothing left
and i'm not quite there yet but those
words they'll regret cause i've got
something left
and i'm not giving it i will not let
them win
i won't stop till
[Music]
no i'm not all right
they say i'm way too obsessed and i've
got nothing left
and i'm not quite there yet but those
words they'll regret
cause i've got something left and i'm
not giving
it i will not let them win i won't stop
[Music]
till
wow
[Music]
i don't care what i want i get what i
need every single day i'm heading off to
my dream and i get everything that i
damn well please i don't give a damn if
you are listening to me cause i run it
i'm the
and i know i'm not the smartest and i
know i'm not the largest but i promise
you that i'm gonna be the one to work
the hardest because i promise you that
i'm just getting started and i promise
you that my skills are getting sharper
so imma get charted can't be guarded
[Music]
loud sounds like we're sold out in front
of the whole
crowd controlled now i'll take this [ __ ]
too personally
everybody got a different version of me
everybody gotta be learning from me
everybody wanna be working with me and i
feel like there's uncertainty and
urgency to find out what you want to be
but honestly we change our minds
constantly so stop and breathe
[Music]
is
failure ain't an option so i'd be
cautious
i hope that you're watching don't try to
stop this
work until i'm nauseous cause i will not
quit no because i want this
don't try to stop me cautiously
don't try to stop me
[Music]
down
did you learn anything really worth
anything 200 later and we're not even
working student loans worth more than
what we're earning best lesson i learned
is to keep on searching find your true
passion and get to work and better take
action or you end up serving yeah
as a fact so you better clean up no fact
so you better race off a sack
until the world they can suck on that
don't come back pack your bags you take
a trip and don't relax you hit the
switch and just attack you find your
niche and make some wrecks
everybody wake up it's time to break up
with the life you made up it's time to
trade up and leave it like you want
now you don't doubt i could give
[Music]
it is what you deserve
you
failure ain't an option so i'd be
cautious
i hope that you're watching don't try to
stop this
work until i'm nauseous cause i will not
quit
no because i want this
[Music]
don't try to stop me
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
don't try to stop me now
[Music]
always do it on my own so i gotta get
through it
and the only thing i know is to love
what i'm doing
never give up never slow till i finally
prove it
never listen to the no's i just wanna
keep moving
keep my head up when i act
[Music]
push myself to be the best
the only thing i know is to love what
i'm doing never give up never slow till
i finally
prove it never listening to the nose i
just want to keep moving
yeah i put out all this hard it's my
only medicine
yeah everything i do i'm just being
genuine yeah i'm sick of being screwed
feel my own adrenaline
[Music]
you know me
i just wanna keep moving yeah i put out
all this hard it's my only medicine
yeah everything i do i'm just being
genuine yeah i'm sick of being screwed
feel my own adrenaline
[Music]
i'm grateful
yeah me
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
um
[Music]
to
is
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
[Music]
oh
[ __ ]
is
[Music]
foreign
okay
[Music]
next
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
when i got this
[Music]
so
let's
[Music]
uh
[Applause]
[Music]
there business
uh
okay
[Music]
we're going
foreign
um
you